feat: add link previews to MessageInput (#2083)
GetStream/stream-chat-react: docusaurus/docs/React/components/contexts/component-context.mdx

|-----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| component | <GHComponentLink text='Attachment' path='/Attachment/Attachment.tsx'/> |

### AttachmentPreviewList

> Custom UI component to display a attachment previews in MessageInput.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom UI component to display a attachment previews in `MessageInput`.
```

|-----------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| component | <GHComponentLink text='MessageInputFlat' path='/MessageInput/MessageInputFlat.tsx'/> |

### LinkPreviewList

> Custom component to render link previews in message input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom component to render link previews in `MessageInput`.
```
